AST-1577 - Custom font is not loading in Astra and Elementor customizer due to latest Elementor 5.6.0 update (#53)
brainstormforce/custom-fonts: README.md

## Changelog ##

### 1.3.4 ###

> - Fix: Fixed custom font is not loading on Astra and Elementor customizer due to conflict with Elementor Pro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Custom fonts are not loading on Astra customizer and Elementor typography settings after Elementor Pro v3.6.0.
```

Author: Changes done!
